
# Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
git clone repourl
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.



# About Gallery Page
The gallery page  is designed to align with the futuristic theme and aesthetics of Futarix, by adopting its design  ideas, the  gallery page offers a modern and visually appealing experience.

## Design Features
### Font

The gallery page utilizes a futuristic font that is vonique which enhances the modern and sleek look, similar to Futarix theme. 


### Modal page

The modal page adopts the glassmorphism design, characterized by a frosted glass effect that provides a sophisticated and clean interface. This design choice not only makes the modal visually appealing but also ensures it blends seamlessly with the overall aesthetic of the page.

### Masonry Page Layout:

To display different images generated by the AI,I have implemented a masonry page layout. This layout arranges images in an optimal, grid-like structure according to their aspect ratio that adjusts seamlessly to varying screen sizes and orientations. This feature ensures that the gallery is both functional and visually striking, similar to the design philosophy of Futarix.
By integrating these design elements, the gallery page not only offers a visually enagaging experience but also is accessible on all devices. 

## Links
[website link](https://gallery-page-eight.vercel.app/)


